So here we have a chicken supreme
with the drumette and the flat attached.
And if I flip it over,
you will see that here
we have the chicken tenderloin.
And if I follow that seam, I can separate
the chicken tenderloin from the breast.
About doing so,
I can use this for other purposes,
they can skewer this, I can grill it.
I can also make the famous chicken
finger with that.
Here you're going to find
a little bit of subcutaneous fat.
I like to trim off as well just to make it
I can make it look nice
in my display case in the butcher shop.
So here I have the breasts,
and this is where it is
attached, I'm going to move over about
a half a centimeter
and I'm going to cut all the way around
and I can feel the bone with my knife.
I put my knife down
and I'm going to separate this meat
with my fingers.
Bring it all the way back
so you can expose the bone.
This bone actually bends easy one way.
But what I'm going to do is hold it
firm with my left hand and with my right
hand, I'm going to pop it
the other way to remove this
and this extra meat is on the flap,
which I'm going to put on my tray.
Here we have a little bit of the knuckle,
and with my French knife,
I'm going to trim that slightly.
Hold the knife with your thumb
and your index finger
and your other fingers
wrapped around the handle.
You're going to get as close
to the end of the knuckle as possible
and close to the end of the knife,
and then you're going
to put some pressure on the top.
And you notice with my non cutting or non
holding hand, it's
well away from the knife,
so it doesn't slip.
And if it does slip,
it's preventing from cutting myself.
So I'm going to push down
and I'm just going to take a little tip
off, and that's going to make it look nice
and it's
for cooking and esthetic purposes.
And we can also charge more
when we trim it up, like that.